# What is this? 
As the economy grows rapidly, one of the toughest challenges Bangladesh is facing is a lack of a solid and secure supply chain system in the pharmaceutical system. Among many reasons, we could identify two main reasons among all of them: lack of accountability in the solid supply chains and of course, lack of knowledge in technologies of the general people, which is entirely creating a new sector for corruption, enhancing counterfeit and inefficiencies. At this moment, counterfeit pharmaceuticals constitute a big hazard since it is impossible for individuals to know the exact worth of acquired medicines due to the current system's substantial lack of transparency. To address this problem, we have come up with a solution, using blockchains to protect supply chain information and AI to detect frauds in supply chain mainstreams. Furthermore, interference inside the supply chain is difficult to examine when there is suspicion of unlawful or unethical behavior. The system focuses to minimize the most amount of interference in this sector. Since blockchain stocks all the information to generate a single supply stock, even a single error will not be tolerated hence corruption will be detected on spot. AI systems will work on vendor to client transactions and information exchange to detect frauds and inefficiencies. We have designed our system keeping four goals at hand. Firstly, securing the pharmaceutical supply chain, secondly, keeping track of tax on pharmaceuticals, thirdly, on spot corruption and fraud detection, fourthly, less paperwork, finally, keeping track of the supplies. Mainly four parties are getting the most advantage, Government, buyers, suppliers and manufacturers.
